Traces: Span filtering (#65725)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/zipkin/_index.md

]
```

## Span Filters

> **Note:** This feature is behind the `newTraceView` [feature toggle]({{< relref "../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana#feature_toggles" >}}).
> If you use Grafana Cloud, open a [support ticket in the Cloud Portal](/profile/org#support) to access this feature.

![Screenshot of span filtering](/media/docs/tempo/screenshot-grafana-tempo-span-filters.png)

> Allows you to filter your spans in the trace timeline viewer. The more filters you add, the more specific are the filtered spans.
> 
> You can add one or more of the following filters:
> 
> - Service name,
> - Span name,
> - Duration,
> - Tags (which include tags, process tags, and log fields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using span filters, you can filter your spans in the trace timeline viewer. The more filters you add, the more specific are the filtered spans.

You can add one or more of the following filters:

- Service name
- Span name
- Duration
- Tags (which include tags, process tags, and log fields)
```
